a bit of an update XD says the woods
rock she's pretty much sit down in that
manifold but come off then the hair will
come off and then we see what's in there
jamming all that derringer near Iceland
with his car again change the cam van
well she's hanging like usual back for
Spencer's gone fender she's working here
car exhaust is dragging no Wolfie this
vanity petrol cord the caves attacked
that she's looking in a sorry state and
Ed's back again and if you've got that
pump off yet right cu0 just before lunch
it's no it's a no five to four four
hours if I was a recorder spit earlier
there was a lorry in the yard but we've
moved up on it the way it's a bit big
Dan here man well here's a lorry seen
massive but a bit big for New York and
can't resist
air pressure is already in it somewhere
we moved it
Oh everything on this baby there
mostly box is a beauty
the base to the machine
stick her in gear
and I can see in there
that's the update do that some fraction
issues open we can get her out like
Alice getting in there now we'll update
you again when the weather gets a bit
better